Were able to store and load data though the loading still has a little glitch at the end when we don't
update the page though that will be solved soon.
Let's now start working on polishing this.
And one way to polish this would be to show a loader while we're loading We don't have any visual indication
that something's happening and that's not a great user experience.
So let's actually add sucha user experience.
Let's start with a loader.
There's little Spener we used before all add a new controller here a loading controller inject it into
our component here into our page.
Make sure to import loading controller from ionic angular.
And with that inject that in on show options I want to present this little loader so I'll initialize
it here loading this loading controller create and pass some options to configure it.
Well the only option I do need is to content where else simply say please wait.
Of course you may choose a number of text and then as soon as we dismiss the pop over and were loading
data I will present this loading motile here does loading the U.
It's not a modalist loading us should say I'll do the same in the IF case.
However the issue is if we just dismiss the pop over without clicking a button we would always see that
loader and we wouldn't get rid of it.
So actually change this too.
ELSE IF and then check if data action equals store and of course you could also use a switch statement.
And again I'm keeping this code very explicit to make it easier to understand here.
So only if we clicked one of the buttons will we see the loader now.
And with this someplace else you want to dismiss the loader of course and I do this in the success case
here whenever we basically are done here and I all do it in the error case.
So therefore you're in this first call bag.
I will use my loader or x' it and dismiss it too.
Don't not show it any more to say in your 40 error case.
And of course the same should happen if we load our data.
I therefore need to replace this code with loading dismiss instead and do the same for the error and
this is not really the best error handling and logging it to the console and I'm removing this now I'm
only dismissing the loader if we do get an error.
I actually want to show an alert and for this I'll add a new method here handle error or where I get
the error object or let's say the error message is enough so a string that you get this error message
here and I want to show alert in such a case.
So I will inject the alert controller alert controller like this alert controller.
Also make sure to import this from my onic angular and Dan and the handle error method.
What I want to do is I want to construct a new alert with this alert controller with the create method
you saw this many times before.
Here also the title where else say an error occurred.
Then I want to have a message which will be my error message here.
I'm getting in this method and I simply want to show an OK button.
And of course I want to present this alert thereafter.
This is how I want to handle my errors now in error or callbacks here I will simply call this handle
error and pass in the error message.
Of course adjuster's error handler to your data to the data you're returning in an error case.
So doing the same here for the load method and with the error handling in place we get a loader in place
to make this look a bit nicer if we now go back to our application letted reload and click on load.
We see the lower loader now too dangerous there.
Now it automatically updates because change detection is triggered since we dismissed the Lowder's so
it would render the page.
Anyways that is how this problem was solved along the way and if we save this this also works.
Now let's see the error case that something goes wrong.
For this I'll go to the shopping list and I'm going to change something here.
I'll remove the token so we will not be authenticated and it is only a temporary change to see our error
handler.
Now we should not be able to fetch data.
So after saving this and after this recompile back in the app if I now click on load liest you see an
error occurred.
We actually don't have a detailed error message here because firebase didn't give us one but we see
something went wrong here and it is nice to have in place.
With that we finished our shopping list page were able to store our shopping list on a server and retrieve
it.
I challenge you to now do the same for our recipes.
It works pretty much exactly the same way.
So you definitely should be able to do this on your own.
It would be a nice practice.
I'm going to start implementing this together with you in the next lecture.